we welcome 141 pound finalists Mitchell
port from Edinburgh as a reminder please
use your name and affiliation when
asking questions in please motion
towards of my folders to get the mic in
your hands
first off Mitchell an opening statement
talking about your match today going
into it I just four more points to be
aggressive and stuff I brushed it off
all times in the past it's hard to get
to the legs kind of backs up which way
to have a rough draft Drummond any dives
in or touch attack something like that
so I think just going back to last year
I learned a lesson just could you be
someone before maybe a couple of times
and doesn't necessarily mean it this day
to day meet them so sorry
traps on the center daily talked to
State College Mitchell you wrestled
steeper earlier this year what did you
learn about him from wrestling back I
got just a to get a high tax and stuff
he scored from just about every position
that he's able to score from winners I
didn't put myself into scoring positions
to form so if I get more smart positions
on okay score out of this was my pick
for win I'm not sure viewers asked
especially not but you're like in a
sense the road blocked someone making
history
have you thought about going in this
that you were in that the weight with
Logan is I knew they've got no weight
but I have a bowl of being the national
champion that's my first time um second
thought he's won three I mean I don't
think anyone else has the opportunity to
stop them or stop someone like that so I
got him a great position really blessed
to be in the position that I am had the
opportunity to do that
Mitchell Edinboro and spins after this
morning session and I I think a lot of
people maybe didn't realize just how
good your team is could you talk a
little bit about the fact that you're in
the finals and your team that has a
chance to maybe get a trophy yeah I
think we're gonna look a little bit of
me especially the poor me like this with
a lot of different teams in it I mean
whenever you get a good group of guys
that we have I think then we can really
power self to the top with a couple guys
doing really well and then maybe a
couple guys like Avery may be over
achieving what they're supposed to do it
with their seeds or something like that
our team's real tough
and we're real mentally mentally strong
I think
we have the same goals goin bitch was
the Centre County guy who who grew up in
a wrestling outfit it's also kind of a
small town in a small area when did you
fall in love with this sport you know
one with who your first memories of
wanting to wrestle it stands out from
yesterday because you said you know you
got that injury default you you're
bummed out by one of the precipice you
know you have going I've been doing it
my whole life
I think my first match was right about
one minute when I was three years old
and started practicing shortly after
that so I've been in sport my whole life
so I was kind of just pushed into it but
it could just grow up in in Mitchell
home time to come at Edinboro camps me
you and the rest of the seniors coming
up here AJ still working in the
consolation bracket Dave wrestling right
now that's going to be coming to an end
here just talk about that ride that you
seniors have had and it really brought
Edinboro to nearly a team title as was
alluded to earlier yeah I mean we have a
great team and the guys that we're all
surrounded with same goals in mind we
all win national titles I thing to do I
mean stuff just get to the finals I was
here once and then last year I kind of
lost sight of my whole thing winning the
matches to get to the finals of short so
this year go ahead and focus on that
like that's what what a lot of Martinez
I bet you love everybody choose the
productions obviously everyone here is
very interested in steamers attempt at
history and stuff he's getting lots of
attention whereas you might be a little
bit more under the radar just that put a
little bit of a chip on your shoulder at
all or anything that drives you a little
bit final questions please
tim said 'yes he wants to wear a kilt
one day in the finals
is he yeah thanks Mitchell
congratulations